0 sooo sad i will miss you here in san diego ! ! !
0 sons of , why couldn`t they put them on the releases we already bought
1 2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos
1 journey ! \? wow u just became cooler hehe \( is that possible ! \? \)
1 i really really like the song love story by taylor swift
0 i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice
1 the free fillin` app on my ipod is fun , im addicted
0 on the way to malaysia no internet access to twit
1 juss came backk from berkeleyy omg its madd fun out there havent been out there in a minute whassqoodd \?
0 went to sleep and there is a power cut in noida power back up not working too
1 i`m going home now have you seen my new twitter design \? quite heavenly isn` \?
1 i hope unni will make the audition fighting dahye unni !
0 born and raised in nyc and living in texas for the past 10 years ! i still miss ny
0 i`m soooooo sleeeeepy ! ! ! the last day o` school was today sniffle
1 a little happy for the wine jeje ok it`sm my free time so who cares , jaja i love this day
1 im an avid fan of magazine and i love your magazines
1 i love to ! but i`m only available from 5pm and where dear \? would love to help convert her vids
0 egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work hangovers suckkkkkk im a drunk mess !
0 which case \? i got a new one last week and i`m not thrilled at all with mine
0 it is u have dissappointed me that past few days
0 bah a coworker ran into work late and her bag smacked into my knee it really hurts now
0 i lost all my friends , i`m alone and sleepy i wanna go home
0 mannnn got an iphone ! ! ! im jealous http bit ly ngnar
1 he`s awesome have you worked with him before \? he`s a good friend
1 a celtics lakers rematch sounds better don`t you think \? lol
0 wow , i am really missin the fam \( ily \) today baddd
1 lucky kid i so wanna see loserville pity im in oz
0 still no reply from about my simfinger problem so no irape parody video until i get a response , sorry guys
1 happy star wars day everyone ! and enjoy the holiday \( uk \)
0 i miss you bby wish you were going tomorrow to make me do good
0 waiting for sleeping pills to kick in gonna be so tired at work tomorrow
1 we saw that in none 3d the baddie`s the best
0 i realy wanted to go out cause its so nice but everybodys busy
1 have a safe trip joshy poo you`ll knock them dead at your speech
1 thank you , afrin nasal spray ! also , i got a giant teacup tonight !
0 so many tests todayyy i don`t feel confident about anyy
0 graduation is done im a little sad anyone want to hang out \? \? \?
0 not looking forward to next week maths , geography , english and french exams , totalling 7 hours
0 poor you get outside and sleep in the garden , the sun will do you good but don`t forget suncream ! ! !
1 hey mia ! totally adore your music when will your cd be out \?
1 shopping cleaning bmfing webcam chatting with nephews nothing spesh , but a good bank holiday monday nonetheless
1 o you need to ask him something \? lmao i love him too
0 those splinters look very painful but you were being very heroic saving mr pickle
0 missed all the awesome weather , because she was in a movie !
0 these kids are terrible ! if i was in good evans , i`d call childline
0 what`s sad is that i actually had to google that term that sucks , tho
1 she`s unassuming and unpretentious she`s just , as i suppose that`s why she`s so endearing because we can relate to her
1 goooooddd morning tweets ! ! week three of my workout did i mention i got my new glasses yesterday \? ! \?
1 fine ! going to do my big walk today 20 or so miles
0 i want red cruisers ! ! i don`t like the other ones lmfao !
1 laurie sending love , blessings healing thoughts to you family peace
0 had parent teacher thing yesterday ! ! so boring going to skl on saturday ! ! lol
1 lichfield tweetup sounds like fun hope to see you and everyone else there !
1 few bevvies 2day in twn great on a day off ! !
1 first night in myers just not the same w out lydia ! but i`m actually excited about this summer !
0 i miss my neice can`t wait to see her bad n grown ! lol
1 who watched x men origins wolverine \? i totally loved it ! haha
0 today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick ! stupid dead rats
0 lost my tooth 2day whilst i was eating gum oww
0 i`m starving ! ! this diet is killing me but i can`t eat after 8pm
0 should be sleeping lost my voice a couple day ago
0 http twitpic com 66xlm hate when my parked car gets hit
0 i am such a creeper i feel disappointed because of it my cyberstalking skills the internet no more privacy
1 im thinking that im going to have fun tonight and maybe some changes are coming
1 haha i know , i cant handle the fame ! and thank you !
1 yes ! sober hahaha tanghaling tapat dude ! haha wild i don`t knowwww plan plan before you go to us !
1 we never miss icarly my son has a huge crush on miranda
0 walking to class i hate not having a bike especially mine
1 jonas brothers live to party it`s rocking so hard i love the song ,
1 happy mother`s day to all the mothers in the world
1 sleepy tabz is heading to bed fun night ! listened through the next episode of joss`d !
1 screw the reviews , i thought wolverine was awesome but not enough dominic monaghan for my liking
1 happy monday up and about going to tavares today hope everyone has a blessed day !
1 that`s why i need to be there to represent the blackberries
0 wolverine was boss ! seriously , and will i am was in it , what the \? \?
1 almost died laptop screen was set to 100 brightness after i reinstalled windows vista got a headache now insanedefaults
1 discovered cause of a bug in the new netplayer 4 build publishing bug fix now , hopefully new beta by tomorrow
0 yes it does please dont` go if you die i will cry which normally leads to small animals getting harmed
1 writing report cards soooo tired but what an amazing day check it out on fb soon !
1 can`t school just be done already \? it hurts too much seeing him every day
1 happy b day ! just woke up on this side of earth , so wishes are bit late
1 getting ready for week its too nice today to be stuck inside working !
1 happy mothers day people i love my mom a lot still
1 that`s awesome dude , yay for surprise celebrities ! i got to meet him a few years ago , he was soooo friendly
0 going to miss my roomie we will no longer be roomies starting tomorrow
0 yep , finished , chocked full of spelling and grammatical errors , but i`m cleaning it up tomorrow and popping it up hehe
1 watching ellen love her ! ! then doing the dishes and tanning it`s gorgeous out !
0 im not bannished but i am at work till 6
1 i saw the play of it here , it was amazing
1 i am glad to break my twitter virginity with you two
1 just opened a facebook account , i`m a little confused i don`t really get it twitter seems much better
0 laying in bed til workkk oh the life definitely pinched a nerve
0 ohh my tooth is hurts ohh im sad it very hurts
0 u think u have bills ha ! ii just finished paying mine that`s y i`m broke
0 2 days without sleep and now a migraine i thought life postr01 was meant to be relaxing
1 my frist post off to find a new car for my parents , exciting !
0 seriously bored without anyone to talk to but not tired enough for sleep
0 i am lost please help me find a good home
0 ok so i`ve now got a bit of a bad back after lifting all drum hardware into my car downer
1 gonna celebrate mothers day with the family but gonna start the partying tonite
1 90 degrees , gross skies , and thunderstorms perfect match for my mood lol
0 i just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue throat
0 damnit all that sucks you were one of the ones i thought i`d drag back lol
0 l`m on 3 days too matt no fun this weekend
1 omg wango tango was awsome ! i love my baby for taking me
1 version 2 of our live , interactive trans siberian ticket planner is launched http tinyurl com c5ljwm its very cool
1 thanks for the warm welcome ! we didn`t make plans because our arrival time was so up in the air
0 sorry friends i`m swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot ! no charades for me
0 i wish i could get my nails done stupid job
1 yep infact she is popular , miss india 99 , talented film actress and lot more
1 i sure do hope it becomes 4 20 this afternoon
0 my phone passed away yesterday he jumped off the table searching for a new phone
1 tamlyn wishes she was as cool as my sock draw
1 yes , i love tea if that makes me typically english then so be it
0 si , no bueno i guess i just don`t entertain him
0 i`m so hunrgy right now and these heels kill me i can hardly walk in them
0 both electronic keys stopped working there is no keyhole ! cant get in my car so much for technology
1 yay , three followers ! good to know more than one person in this big wide world likes fishies
0 took a shift tomorrow i don`t really feel like working right now
1 i love mine , too happy mother s day to your mom , john taylor much love to you , too
1 http twitpic com 4wukt we bought ludi her own rug dogs are the best
0 no waterfront anymore faccia luna and clarendon will have to do
1 loves her mum very much ! happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers out there
1 now you only have 2 hours to sleep rest if you need it
0 i don`t want to sit at home on prom night someone hang out with me
1 is heading home from foot surgery and wishing she had a boyfriend to come over and cuddle with
0 http twitpic com 67qv3 me at forever 21 ethan couldn`t be there
0 now im sad but im not giving in first i didnt do nothing ! ! ! ! \(
0 this week of mine was not easy ! but finally it`s over ! \(
1 wow what a beautiful picture and by the way i am straight just wanted to let you know ! ! ! bella
1 in arch drawing checking out mvcc`s cad degree looks good to me
1 cooking with my dad having lots of fun in the kitchen together
1 you`re missing out , bb ! i`m such a cereal nut , i think i like every kind available
0 that`s just weird oh , and what was it you were drawing for me \?
1 just woke up o mums singing to her new gn`r cd replacement i bought because im a good daughter
0 the birds are out , , oh man that`s not cool i didn`t sleep yet for the night ! ! !
1 250 miles down , only 1750 to go thats ok , u2 on the radio alwas helps
0 my street fighter iv skills are lacking , can`t beat seth on easy
1 good morning ! ! ! work and then it`s espn`s sunday night baseball hopefully it won`t get rained out
0 my son got stung by a bug for the first time his little finger is slightly swollen
0 bumping dj opus in the drunk in the car lmao don`t act like u don`t know
0 here`s a brief preview http bit ly ehcfp omg james is creepy in that role ! i`m scared of him
0 i`m missing crab legs and attending my going away instead !
0 home until tomorrow did my running and spinning now time for chiropractor , laundry , shopping , and visiting family missing nathan
0 and most of us are going to be stuck in an office , some without windows
0 according to , a quarter of families under six live in poverty
0 the plan to not spend money is not going well
1 congratulations ! you guys finish a month early than we do booo
0 actually , i wish i was back in tahoe i miss it there
1 workin a long day today hopefully i can make some good tips
0 but it all went too quick and there wasn`t a chance lol
1 had a good day driving up mountains , visiting katie , eating chips fudge and stocking up on lovely smelling soaps
0 traumatizing moment of my childhood my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun
0 im allergic to cats ! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt what do i dooo \? !
0 he says he feels mama tucking him in at night he`s lonely but getting by tomorrow will be tough !
0 i miss her alot and its only been one day
1 sounds like you all had a great night i`m glad it was successful
1 you should say mlia instead of fml i hope you find it soon
1 garden going well , almost all the corn and peas are up , no onions or beets up yet though
1 we quite like worthing its a relaxing place with nice coffee shops and fresh air and not too many oiks
1 today was a lovely day ! i had fun with and this evening !
0 beto`s pizzeria is on banksville rd in i believe the beachview area sorry to answer like 100 years later
0 i`m sick and sad missing out on martini lounge tonight
0 really wishes he had some spare cash to buy the new punch out for wii
0 so sorry to hear about your mom ! that really sucks
1 i feel for you i hope it`s a smooth flight be safe ! mucho amor from boston !
0 can`t sleep so i`m watching hgtv i`m afraid infomercials are about to take over
0 i`m getting me my family ready for kaylee`s graduation ! it`s gonna make me so sad
1 haha thanks its for history and its on how the invention of television has influence america lol
0 shopped til i dropped come bac sunshine i miss u
1 feeling loved ! my mom got me a nikon cool pix for my birthday ! ! ! !
0 i have such a hard time talking to new people i am pretty sure i didn`t make a good impression
0 we are on the slowest train ever , it stops everywhere missed a quick train by a few minutes
0 i don`t think i`ve ever been so tierd in my life ugh , goodnight so sleeping in tomorrow
0 sorry guys i didn`t sign in for a while sorry every1
1 a michael hey ! thanks for another great day ! i`m going to sleep now ! i`ll chat with you tomorrow ! sweet dreams !
1 http twitpic com 4v0vr cool ! you and your mother have awesome hair styles , ! wish her a happy mother`s day !
0 i didn`t want to tell you but i think it`s your body odour
0 thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date
1 just came back from karaoke eating dinner with emily it was sooooo much fun
1 discrimination is not a bad thing i`ve learned to say no my children would say i mastered that years ago
1 just got back from working out i`m feeling pretty good work at 4 30
0 i submitted my resume the same day and saw no answer back oh well
0 sooo i`m kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 boo i was hoping for a fake alien story with a tinfoil covered beachball photo
1 great you can buy me lunch when i get my 10 15 pay cut next month
1 ranjan did i ever mention what a nice and awesome dude you are \?
1 hello gorgeous girl ! nice new pic ! how are you today
1 either way , you always tend to make my followfriday list , sweetie you do rock that much
1 watched 100th episode of numb3rs loved how they did a throwback to the first episode , using the sprinkler theory
0 i`m sleepy but is feeling under the weather ! ugh ! these tonsils i need some company or somebody to talk too !
1 ichigo she tried to carry on aswell , bless , i suppose maybe that`s why kids shouldn`t be in it \?
0 planning ! and trying to call the doctor , though that isn`t going so well so mostly , planning
0 am hating my life at the moment there`s only so many nos my delicate little mind can take
0 first day of summer sucks ! ! ! ! its overcast and cold this isn`t summer ! \? ! \? ! \? ! \?
1 says happy mother`s day to all moms out there http plurk com p stkr2
1 michele thanks for that am now following them love good causes
1 lol i know but it was just so funny , ahaha
1 kap but i think it`s cute do this every night okay \?
0 what am i doing atm \? http twitpic com 4jmeh oh yeah apple juice i`m such a rebel !
1 gotta get creative with these mothers day gifts i`m gonna win them over with my love ! !
1 aah well , have a few friends over there just wondering if all`s great and weather`s been good
1 xo they were so pretty and took like an hour to do can i do ursssss !
0 crisis forgot my fringe comb i`m with men no one will help me
0 kill boy oh sorry ! not getting all my replies nothing against you and yes , i do know nirvana
1 good morning ! court crossfit bible study someone very special`s house http tinyurl com cjs668
1 jungle book 2 is sooooo cute i have nothing to eat or drink
0 twitter , you just fail at life sometimes oh well http tinyurl com qkxh7q
1 no phone call yet 20 minutes until i pluck up the courage i wish my phone would ring
1 sherrieshepherd gave the link for http www brentozar com twitter he gives twitter tips hope this helps
1 yeah i`m okay been icing and ace bandage and sitting on my on twitter lol thanks
0 well doesn`t that look fab , even if i do say so myself !
0 finally sunny days and i`m too sick to go outside and play
1 working up to my vacation to thailand getting more excited every day
0 just got an im from another co worker who just got laid off lots of people becoming unemployed
1 why does googledocs do folders , instead of labels like gmail \? i kind of like labels
0 i never knew a dentention was so hard 2 get
0 thanks ! my mom`s seed is larger and already cracked \( and planted \) i hope avalina isn`t a dud !
1 cultural tour 102 by loiusa`s family kangaroo sight seeing in cemetary lovely
0 flap a taco was nice until the plebs came in
1 oh , and yippee for lyn z way who gets to celebrate mother`s day for the first time as a mother
1 am chillaxin after a busy bankholiday , hope everbody had a gd wkend ! holiday in 12 days ! ! !
1 havin a much better day today ! ! finished the last twilight book yesterday classes start next week ! get at me yall ! !
1 new motorcycle and you popped a cable already \? wow you ride hard !
0 i want to experience snow we don`t have snow here and it sucks
1 thanks amy ! that video is so awesome ! did you see tmh \? he`s amazing in that too ! ! bouncy bouncy bouncy ! ! !
1 lmao ha ! no i just simply wanted to go to ny !
0 i don`t think i am , my sisters refusn to get me a ticket now what you doing next week \?
1 shower class more class taking care of my lady friend writing like there`s no tomorrow
1 rockstar photographer shoot went great tonight a little different than the usual stuff very nice
1 great pics ! you should try to start selling your race photos to runners
1 goodmorning twitter , oh my gosh , i woke up soooo nice , lol oh hai thar twitterverse happy mothersday everybody \( especially mine \)
0 i have no idea what im doing and i am completely lost
0 i think that may look a little silly also my camera is broken so no photo
1 happy mother`s day to my mom , and every mom everywhere off for a stroll at the beaches later hopefully
0 lay aww well i just randomly woke up and now i can`t sleep ! too many things on my mind
0 that`s it \? it`s done already \? this is one proof that there`s nothing fair in this world http bit ly 10uemq
1 you better come here by the time i count to 10 or else 1 , 2 , 3 , bam ! ! ! ! !
1 3 u know kids do what we do not what we say well , don`t we all , really
0 ugh ! i wanna play dnd but i know i`m going to fail this final i need to study
0 finally get to lay down for a bit i have a major headache
1 yes , you should go see star trek ! it`s sooooo much fun !
1 very relaxing thank you hope you get to put your feet up tomorrow and enjoy the day
0 going to the courthouse to pay for tags taxes on all our cars this is gonna be expensive
1 the usual two family parties today happy birthday lily ! http twitpic com 4w472
0 mad tired but it`s the hols ! i miss chomp chomp terribly !
1 i`ve read good things bout it just not feelin it tonight proly finish it tomorrow , after star trek
0 watching 'that thing you do' on comcast missing my boo like crrrrrazy !
0 it just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet
0 lol , i`ve done that one b4 i`m a victim 2 that ! lol
0 i would slip and fall on the dirty school bathroom floor fml
1 just got confirmed that it s pizza time with some ex co workers on friday looking forward to it
0 ugggh idk how to do that but i only wanna stop getting texts from twitterr ilse
0 my poor heather , she didnt make the cheerleading squad im sorry babygirl maybe next year
1 i jus love doin night shifts will be done in an hour
1 you know , your updates are really amusing how was the prop auction \? how much did that baseship bed go for \?
1 loves the fact that there`s only 5 days of school left
1 awesome am headin there that nite after my grad dinner c u then boi ! hehe
1 aww , congrats to the family \) send me piccies in the email !
1 okay okay sleep for realz now ! goodnight ! waves to followers
0 omg , my mom just called im too late hes gone
0 just lost my internet signal how will life go on
1 buckley good for you mate , sadly i couldnt get pissed tonight driving bad times
0 not going to the dance recital and now i feel like a piece of cuz it cost so much money
1 thats what doting husbands are for lol ! ! i hope that once my braces go on , i can eat normally again
0 keeps getting such delayed responses why is my internet so messed up \? !
1 good morning twits ! let`s makes today x100 better than the one before ! start runnin
1 thanks man that sorted it i only ever remember 222 222
1 craig g hope your enjoying the money it`s looking real good to me right now
0 every time i have friday off sadly , that`s not too often
1 invisible car helps to boost recycling honest http twurl nl fdgmyo
1 ha totally posting an update at 2am its lightning outside , pretty
1 do a tour in the philippines sometime a lot of fans here would really love that !
0 has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get hauntingxealot to goulburn
1 wishing all the mommies out there a very happy day ! ! !
1 happy star wars day 'may the 4th be with you' read http tinyurl com axsujx for more \)
0 buried under more web changes going to make lunch now i won`t have a chance later too much to do
1 http twitpic com 4qpzx i love you guys you`re the best
0 shut your face ! why are you so mean to me \? pedro is supposed to be the mean one
1 babe woo ! im getting mine on monday , cant wait x
1 awww she`s laavly \) i had to come in but i`ve got a stunning wee tan \( l \) \) yourself \?
0 i saw you stalkerishly from the elevator , but brookie was eating her moracca \( \? \) so we had to go
1 is getting ready for bed happy mother`s day to all the mothers out there !
1 \( cont \) a bastardized version of french \? it`s fun , believe me !
1 alas , i am moving \( like where i`m moving too , but the actual moving , ugh \) wish i could go too !
0 mad the rain got me now i cant go see jaiden \)
1 congradts on ur show even tho i wasnt there lol
1 good luck finally your long time will of panvel tweetup finally coming true
1 heading off to hollywood studios today manta and kraken were both awesome yesterday , feeling like doing a few more rides ! !
0 this weekend is going to be packed full of work for school no life this summer i`m afraid
0 please read my blog http amandallynn blogspot com i`m not having the best day
1 watered the tomato plants , pepper plants and lettuce , feeling all homely ! off out with freddie for a fun packed day
1 if so , the tmobile g1 is the hummer h1 i wish i had the battery life of an iphone !
1 omg its 1 47 am and kim possible is on disney channel right now i am glued to the screen
1 someone came in when i was sleeping off my national passtime and turned me human
0 since the demise of woolworths it isn`t easy to find reasonably priced pick n mix anywhere
1 may the fourth be with you ! happy star wars day
0 i`ve been unlocked for decades now just not lucky , never have been gottta make my own luck and that involves
1 always thinking about to look for a good place to appericiate everyone who supports me on every site i joined
1 can`t believe i just drove all the way back to school whatever happy mother`s day mommy , precious , candis and granny
0 greta that is so not good your box is worth way more than that !
